Ruxue, I don't want to come either if you come
If my family didn't know you were going to invest in me
1 billion thing
I'm too lazy to care
1 billion investment was mine
Damn Yan Luoxue
My brother Chen is not an ordinary person.
Brother Chen showed them his hand
Stop fooling around
My sister was dying.
I don't believe in Zhang Shenyi
Zhang Xiaoshenyi
Don't believe Su Shuang
Do you believe you, a boy of unknown origin?
Zhang 11
Please save my sister, okay?
I really can't help this disease
Since Su Shao has a way
Why don't you let Mr. Su try?
Right?
In three minutes.
Miss Nie must die
Brother, this is a matter of life
Are you sure you want to do this?
I don't mean anything else.
I'm just worried about you.
Brother Chen, if anything happens in a while
Please help my brother regardless of the past
Otherwise, I'm afraid he'll get into big trouble
Don't worry, I will in your yard.
Can you two stop talking nonsense?